COMCAST 
First Round

What is the diffreence between Method Overloading and Method Overriding.
What are idempotent methods.
Difference between throw and throws.
Difference between final and finally.
How did you test WebServices.
What are the limitations of using Selenium WebDriver.
What are the differnt locators in WebDriver.
What are the limitations of Soap UI Tool
Expalin about the Select class in WebDriver.
Explain how do you do the WebServices Testing.
If you have  a video playing Application, what would be the test cases that you can come across.
Explain in detail for which all cases you do Manual Testing and Automation Testing.
How do you yest teh webservices using Soap UI Tool.Explain.
What is the difference between equals and == methods.
Explain about the Action class in WebDriver.

Second Round
Given a Comcast Application, which is a video playing app, briefly explain about the test cases that you think of.
What is cache.
What is a  session.Where is it stored.Explain a session life cycle.
What is a cookie.Explain Cookie life cycle.
What is a curl.
Explain how would you test a AngularJS Application.

Third Round
Expalin about your overall QA experience.
Explain about your current project that you are doing now.
Explain how do you do Performance Testing.Explain the steps that you follow.
What is your experience on Jenkins.
Explain how do you do the WebService Testing using Soap UI Tool.

Fourth Round
Explain the Automation Framework.
Once you hit the Url, explain in detail what are the steps that are happening.
Explain your Mobile Automation Experience.How do you do Android and IOS Testing.
Expalin what is Regression Testing,and how often do you do.
Differentiate native,hybrid and mobile web apps.

Fifth Round
What methodology you use in your project.
What are the daily activities that you do in your team.
Explain your team structure.
What would you do if any bug comes up in production.Have you faced that.
What would you do if you think that there is a bug in development, but developer is not agreeing to that.
How do you raise a  defect.
What are the things that you think should be there in a test plan.
Have you done any leadership roles in your project.
Being a senior QA Lead, explain how would you start developing test strategies.
What are the diffrent phases of testing.
Given the requirement, how do you start with the testing.What are the test methodologies that you would follow.
What are the things that you think you will do in the first 3 months,being a QA lead.

Sixth Round
What is WEbService mocking.How do you do that.
How do you handle the dependancies in testing.
What is XPath.
If you have 3 webservices dependent on each other, how would you do the performance testing.
Briefly explain how do you do the Stress Testing.
Write a Java Program to move all even elements to the left and odd elements to the right, without changing the order of elements.
  Input  { 2,3,4,5,6,7,1,4,9,8}
  Output {2,4,6,4,8,3,5,7,1,9}
 How did you do the Rest Automation framework.
 What is a BDD Framework.Have you worked on it.









