Questions based on walmart - f2f.

WebDriver and Java based:
1.Display all drop down option values in a given select element                        
2.find max priced element in given search                        
3.find the max reviews restaurant in yelp.com after searching for restaurant
4.Find the max salary from the table with td tr elements in selenium.
5.In an ecommerce website,there is a page called general headers. In it there is a navigational bar and on it are various links are in a drop down..Use hover
on the elements and go from link to sublink. Use page object model.

API:
6.What is backward compatibilty on API testing? What are the best practices for backward compatibilty?
Will it work in the following scenarios?
a)Parameters are optional.
b)Parameters are mandatory.
b)Converting string to an int.

7. what is dependency webservices testing

8. Make get req and add assertions by parsing json for below API:

https://itunes.apple.com/lookup?id=909253

For the same assume it has req body and do post request also with some req data.
https://itunes.apple.com/artists - assumption post url

SQL:
8.There is a SQL table like the one in this link-

http://www.programmerinterview.com/index.php/database-sql/practice-interview-question-1-continued/

Find the names of the salesperson from the tables considering their id are unique.


Java:
9.Find the smallest number from a given array int[] arr ={-2,5,6,7,8}

Reverse the string such that:
WALMART = "LAWMTRA";



10.Find the smallest number from a given array int[] arr ={-2,5,6,7,8}

11.You are given an integer array containing positive numbers and one number is missing. 
You need to provide optimum solution to find the missing number based on O(n).Sort the array.


What is the selenium version you are using?

How do you do grid set up in Selenium?

How do you configure slave master in Jenkins and set it up with selenium grid?
What are the different locators in Selenium?
What is a static in Java?

In selenium, in one page he asked to click one button, then it opens another window there we have to get the text message and again
 we need to go back to first page and we need to paste that text into text box????(asked to write the code on white board)
 
 Asked to write the restapi post request using nodejs???on white board
 
 
6. He has given an API like api.walmart.com/ and asked to send the get request?(asked the code to write on board)
7.after getting the response like ordered, again we need to pass the 
Orderid into the another get request?(asked the code to write on board)

Java additional:
fibonacci
prime
convert decimal to binary
parenthesis check
string reverse
second most repeated char in given string
secong lenghtiest string in given array
find missing number in array of numbers
max number in given array
excelUtil-testng-datadriven
sorting-iterating the list-findmax
rest api basic, jsonparsing, xml parsing
basic webdriver logic